Readme.md, before:

# HTML JS CSS Simple game - Rock, paper, scissors.

This is an exercise to practice basic js function that allows the user to play a game just clicking on the derired option.

## Table of contents

- [HTML JS CSS Simple game - Rock, paper, scissors.](#html-js-css-simple-game---rock-paper-scissors)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
    - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
    - [Links](#links)
  - [My process](#my-process)
    - [Built with](#built-with)
    - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)



## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Play with the machine a game of Rock, Paper, Scissors

### Screenshot



### Links



## My process
This is a small project that I started developing based on the JavaScript learning process. At first the html was as simple as it could be in order to focus on the JS. When the function was working properly I did some adjusting as to provide feedback to the user as them were playing such as who won the round and showing the provisional result.

Next step was getting some simple images that represented each one of the Rock, paper, scissors options to insert on the html. Then I downloaded a buttom that allowed the user to start the game with an "onclick". That way the game didn´t started everytime the web was refreshed. 

For now the inputs from the user come from text prompts but the objective is to change it to "onclick" events in the different options.

I did some refactoring of the original play funtion making the code shorter and easier to undertand. There is room for improvement but for now it gets the job done. 

I spent some time translating the code to English as a step towards coding always in English.

Work in progress... Any feedback will be gladly welcome 😊

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Javascript conditionals
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

- Implementing JS to HTML and CSS to get a working simple web.
- Using some simple DOM events.
- Refactoring for an easier comprehension of the code
  
## Acknowledgments

Commit message:

Working now with clicks from the user

Readme.md, after:

# HTML JS CSS Simple game - Rock, paper, scissors.

This is an exercise to practice basic js function that allows the user to play a game just clicking on the derired option.

## Table of contents

- [HTML JS CSS Simple game - Rock, paper, scissors.](#html-js-css-simple-game---rock-paper-scissors)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
    - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
    - [Links](#links)
  - [My process](#my-process)
    - [Built with](#built-with)
    - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)



## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Play with the machine a game of Rock, Paper, Scissors

### Screenshot



### Links



## My process
This is a small project that I started developing based on the JavaScript learning process. At first the html was as simple as it could be in order to focus on the JS. When the function was working properly I did some adjusting as to provide feedback to the user as them were playing such as who won the round and showing the provisional result.

Next step was getting some simple images that represented each one of the Rock, paper, scissors options to insert on the html. Then I downloaded a buttom that allowed the user to start the game with an "onclick". That way the game didn´t started everytime the web was refreshed. 

- For now the inputs from the user come from text prompts but the objective is to change it to "onclick" events in the different options.

- I did some refactoring of the original play funtion making the code shorter and easier to undertand. There is room for improvement but for now it gets the job done. 

- I spent some time translating the code to English as a step towards coding always in English.
 
- After doing some more refactoring I managed to get a code that worked properly with the 'onclik' events that should come from the user clicking on the images. So no more writing prompts! Welcome clicks! 
 
- Still getting the rounds results and the scores from alerts, which is far from optimal. The objective is getting to see all that on the Html.
 
- Added a 'Restart scores' button that resets the scores.
 
- Gave the app some quick css styling so it didn´t look so bad... Now it is rocking a grey and black style with some colors from the 'Start Game' and 'Restart scores' buttons.

Work in progress... Any feedback will be gladly welcome 😊

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Display Flex
- Javascript conditionals
- Onclick events

### What I learned

- Implementing JS to HTML and CSS to get a working simple web.
- Using some simple DOM events.
- Refactoring for an easier comprehension of the code
- Using images as buttons
  
## Acknowledgments
